Will you die?
Is he dead?
Xiao Liu
I'm still alive
Fortunately you didn't die
Otherwise we're in trouble
Your troubles are just beginning
Look at you stinky dog
My brain was blown away
Must be some nonsense
Make the divorce agreement better within three days
otherwise
A fee for sweeping out the house
Hey, you don't have this stinky tofu in our family.
Sooner or later I will starve to death outside
King, take it easy
I also informed my army that 100,000 soldiers came to America
You will definitely recover your memory when you see them.
Call 100,000 soldiers to America
Aren't you afraid of disturbing the people?
Your Majesty, you have recovered
How is Beijing now?
Since you cut off Wang Qin
The royal court of Beijing has completely disintegrated
Now life is a mess
No chance of turning over
That's fine, just what?
It's just that after the ceremony was closed that day
Your killer will always be found
In addition, I wish you a fourth wedding and your Princess Ye.
Waited for 03 years
Three years.
He never lifted the veil.
Why did he say his hijab?
The world only has King's Landing
I didn't fall into that
I failed him.
Don't worry, keep bringing people.
Investigate the capture of the black hand at that year's celebration
What about Princess Ye?
Invite him to the Northern Zhou Dynasty
After three years, I still owe him an explanation